Exploring the new worlds by programming has been the most rewarding pursuit of my intellectual and artistic life. I have a deep appreciation for the oral history, mental models, and wild freedom I've inherited as a computer user, so feel strongly the pull of responsibility to pass this on to young people and everyone who has felt more subject to the constraints of the computer than the freedom and power.

Watching AI coding change the way that people around me can think and can express their ideas has been one of the most fascinating developments of my career.

In 2023, I advised an Architecture professor building his own plugins for Rhino using ChatGPT. I was floored by how far he could go with hard work and domain knowledge, creating a tool that was useful to his peers and building new intuitions for himself. 

In the classroom, where students from different background build creative tools, it's been double-edged. I thought that I knew how to teach people programming, but this new skillset of vibe-engineering was being picked up unevenly by the students, and the ones who excelled most were using skills that I didn't teach them. There was new urgency to do peer to peer skill share, because my students were bringing techniques that didn't occur to me as a person who was approaching these tools from an existing body of domain knowledge. This also brought enthusiasm and urgency to share the historical and small-p political context on how the web evolved and what constraints and abilities we've inherited - understanding things like why React was invented, what separates the app store from the web, and why APIs are becoming more closed and how to reverse-engineer them. 

At Websim, I helped millions of people express their ideas socially, releasing and maintaining software within a low-stakes social economy. The biggest thesis has been that building isn't always enough, ideas need to interact with other people and the world. My proudest moments have been watching budding game designers, prompt engineers, social engineers and script kiddies take their first steps building real micro businesses and ventures.

Claude Code feels like the kind of technology I'm going to use for the rest of my life. It's uplifting and fun while respecting my perspective and human abilities. I want this feeling for as many people as possible, not just coders, and I want to improve our shared computing substrate for the next generation of thoughtful creative tinkerers.